I love the shape of your nose.
You are the kindest and most thoughtful person I've ever met.
You work harder than almost anybody I've met for all of the right reasons - school, relationships, self-care, etc. You deserve everything you have and more.
I wake up every morning and fall asleep every night thinking about you.
Your face could start wars and I would fight in each of them.
You are the single most beautiful woman I've ever seen in my life. Actually breathtaking. I'm panting just thinking about it.
Every bend and curve of your body is perfect - you're like a living piece of art and I want to spend my life studying every inch.
Your smile lights up the entire room every time it hits your face.
I see all of the work you put into making sure people around you are comfortable, even though sometimes it isn't the best for you.
You are such a cool and interesting person that it intimidates me sometimes, but more than anything it's inspiring.
My mom loves you and thinks you're good for me. That's an actual first.
Your butt looks so cute while you're in your underwear and a t-shirt. I could watch you look for an outfit in your closet for hours.
Knowing that you're mine is one of the biggest confidence boosts that I have.
I love the shape of your lips.
Your eyes are big and beautiful and staring into them brings me comfort and peace.
I will always take care of you.
You are never going to be alone in anything that you go through.
I have two degrees and you still make me feel stupid sometimes. You're witty and intelligent and you can challenge me intellectually. I love that so much about you.
You have hands down the best taste in music of anyone I know.
You're my pretty girl and you always will be.
Holding you is one of the best feelings in the world.
I get jealous of the fact that everybody wants you, but I take far more pride in the fact that you're mine.
It amazes me how well you get along with everybody you meet. They all love you - and why shouldn't they? It's a privilege to be in your presence.
You have the softest, most perfect skin in the world.
You're an incredible musician - watching you play the cello caused an actual physical reaction in my body.

**INSERTED**